docs: various (minor) changes and rewording (#3661)
docker/cli: man/src/container/attach.md

## Attaching to a container

> In this example the top command is run inside a container, from an ubuntu image,
> in detached mode, then attaches to it, and finally terminating the container
> with `CTRL-c`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the top command is run inside a container, from an ubuntu image,
in detached mode, then attaches to it, and then terminates the container
with `CTRL+C`:
```
